Shuchen, you will call countless Dun clans soon.
What a pity!
Have you ever heard of it?
Really can't fake
Fake can't be true, as long as you pretend to be Long Shuai
Sooner or later, it will be exposed one day
Why do Wanda people bring so many soldiers?
What else?
It must be eaten by Wanda people
Here's a criminal impersonating Long Shuai
So they sent heavy troops to bring the case to justice
So what are we waiting for?
Hurry up and meet the Wanda people
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
See Wanda
Just ask uncle
See Uncle Wan See Wanzhang
Sinners, we will soon relapse haha
Sinners, let's recover quickly
Hey, catch them for me
Do you hear me?
You're going to be arrested.
Hahahaha go on
Why arrest me